README.md, before:

# imgurbash2
imgurbash2 is a simple bash script that allows you to upload images to
[imgur](https://imgur.com/). Once an image is uploaded, the link is displayed 
on the terminal and copied to your clipboard (see below or refer to the 
[manual](https://github.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/blob/master/examples.md)).

Tested on Linux, macOS, FreeBSD and Windows (WSL).

## Features
* Upload remote HTTP/HTTPS images to imgur.
* Upload multiple images at one go.
* Upload images to your album and to your account.
* Delete previously uploaded images.
* Automatically images deletion.
* Copy uploaded images' URLs to clipboard.

## Usage
### Upload Images

Upload the images named cow.png and fish.jpg to imgur:
```bash
imgurbash2 cow.png https://myserver.io/fish.jpg
```

The above command will output something like this:
```bash
http://i.imgur.com/HDVh123.png (Delete Hash = mo02q3r)
http://i.imgur.com/QCfh256.png (Delete Hash = blub1qx)
```

The outputted links are the URLs of the uploaded images. Such URLs are copied to
your clipboard if the right programs are installed.

### Upload To Your Album

Upload the image named cow.png to your imgur album:
```bash
imgurbash2 -l -a abc134 cow.png
```

### Delete Images
```bash
imgurbash2 ~/tmp/test.png
http://i.imgur.com/HDVh123.png (Delete Hash = vgdTM62vQ08xaxa)
```

To delete the above uploaded image:
```bash
imgurbash2 -d vgdTM62vQ08xaxa
```

### Automatically Image Deletion
```bash
imgurbash2 -D 5m ~/tmp/test.png
```

Uploaded image will automatically be deleted after 5 minutes.


## Manual
More examaples and a detailed manual is available at https://github.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/blob/master/examples.md.
Details about the configuration file are also explained.


## Installation
### Linux / macOS / UN*X / WSL
```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/master/imgurbash2
chmod u+x imgurbash2
```

### Arch Linux / Manjaro
```bash
yay -S imgurbash2
```

## Dependencies
| Program                      | Optional | Reason |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | ------------- |
| `bash` 4.0+                  | No       | To run this script.  Given that macOS ships with an old Bash version, it is recommended that the latest Bash is installed via `brew install bash`  |
| `curl`                       | No       | Uploads images  |
| `xsel`, `xclip` or `wl-copy` | Yes      | Copies URL (image) link to clipboard if using Linux - no separate program is required for macOS |


## License
[MIT License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added video support.  You can upload videos to imgur now.

README.md, after:

# imgurbash2

imgurbash2 is a simple bash script that allows you to upload **images** and **videos** to
[imgur](https://imgur.com/). Once an image/video is uploaded, the link is displayed 
on the terminal and copied to your clipboard (see below or refer to the 
[manual](https://github.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/blob/master/examples.md)).

Tested on Linux, macOS, FreeBSD and Windows (WSL).

## Features

* Upload remote HTTP/HTTPS images and videos to imgur.
* Upload multiple images and videos at one go.
* Upload images/videos to your album and to your account.
* Delete previously uploaded images/videos.
* Automatically images/videos deletion.
* Copy uploaded images/videos' URLs to clipboard.

## Usage
### Upload Images

Upload the images named cow.png and fish.jpg to imgur:
```bash
imgurbash2 cow.png https://myserver.io/fish.jpg
```

The above command will output something like this:
```bash
http://i.imgur.com/HDVh123.png (Delete Hash = mo02q3r)
http://i.imgur.com/QCfh256.png (Delete Hash = blub1qx)
```

The outputted links are the URLs of the uploaded images. Such URLs are copied to
your clipboard if the right programs are installed.

### Upload Videos

Upload these two videos skunk.mp4 and raccoon.webm to imgur:
```bash
imgurbash2 skunk.mp4 https://10.0.0.1/web/raccoon.webm
```

### Upload To Your Album

Upload the image named cow.png to your imgur album:
```bash
imgurbash2 -l -a abc134 cow.png
```

### Delete Images

```bash
imgurbash2 ~/tmp/test.png
http://i.imgur.com/HDVh123.png (Delete Hash = vgdTM62vQ08xaxa)
```

To delete the above uploaded image:
```bash
imgurbash2 -d vgdTM62vQ08xaxa
```

### Automatically Image Deletion

```bash
imgurbash2 -D 5m ~/tmp/test.png
```

Uploaded image will automatically be deleted after 5 minutes.


## Manual

More examaples and a detailed manual is available at https://github.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/blob/master/examples.md.
Details about the configuration file are also explained.


## Installation

* [Arch Linux / Manjaro](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/imgurbash2)
* [Gentoo](https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/app-misc/imgurbash2)
* [NixOS](https://search.nixos.org/packages?show=imgurbash2&type=packages)

### Linux / macOS / UN*X / WSL

```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/master/imgurbash2
chmod u+x imgurbash2
```

## Dependencies

| Program                      | Optional | Reason |
| ---------------------------- | -------- | ------------- |
| `bash` 4.0+                  | No       | To run this script.  Given that macOS ships with an old Bash version, it is recommended that the latest Bash is installed via `brew install bash`  |
| `curl`                       | No       | Uploads images  |
| `xsel`, `xclip` or `wl-copy` | Yes      | Copies URL (image) link to clipboard if using Linux - no separate program is required for macOS |


## License

[MIT License](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ram-on/imgurbash2/master/LICENSE)
